Model low limits (#3920)
powsybl/powsybl-core: docs/grid_exchange_formats/iidm/export.md

By default, this behavior is set as `THROW_EXCEPTION`

**iidm.export.xml.force-export-network-with-beta-features**<br>

> The `iidm.export.xml.force-export-network-with-beta-features` property is an optional property that defines the behavior of the XIIDM exporter when export a network containing beta features that do not have a serialization yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `iidm.export.xml.force-export-network-with-beta-features` property is an optional property that defines the behavior of the IIDM exporter when exporting a network containing beta features that do not have a serialization support yet.
```
